# Enhancing Editorial Tasks: A Case Study on Rewriting Customer Help Page Contents Using Large Language Models

We introduce a German-language dataset comprising Frequently Asked Question-Answer pairs: raw FAQ drafts, their revisions by professional editors and LLM generated revisions. The data was used to investigate the use of large language models (LLMs) to enhance the editorial process of rewriting customer help pages. 

The input data was provided by Deutsche Telekom AG (DT), a large German telecommunications company. The corpus comprises 56 question-answer pairs addressing potential customer inquiries across various topics, including additional SIM cards, Netflix subscriptions, relocation, changing mobile service providers, house connection orders, hardware order and delivery status, and fixed-line internet and TV setup. For each FAQ pair, a raw input is provided by specialized departments, and a rewritten gold output is crafted by a professional editor of DT. The final dataset also includes LLM generated FAQ-pairs.

On this dataset, we evaluate the performance of four large language models (LLM) through diverse prompts tailored for the rewriting task. We conduct automatic evaluations of content and text quality using ROUGE, BERTScore, and ChatGPT.
Furthermore, we let professional editors assess the helpfulness of automatically generated FAQ revisions for editorial enhancement. Our findings indicate that LLMs can produce FAQ reformulations beneficial to the editorial process. We observe minimal performance discrepancies among LLMs for this task, and our survey on helpfulness underscores the subjective nature of editors' perspectives on editorial refinement.

For detailed results, please see our paper accepted at [INLG 20204, Tokyo, Japan](https://inlg2024.github.io/) (see also [Citation](#-citation)).

## 📝 &nbsp; Data format

The data is provided in json format. 

The folder [data/faq-data](data/faq-data) contains raw FAQ drafts (input field), revisions by professional editors (reference field), and up to 3 LLM-generated revisions for each input (predictions field). The json also contains scores for each prediction (BERTScore, Rouge and ChatGPT-4 Scores wrt. hallucination, informativeness and coherence. At the end of the files there are also overall average scores for each metric.

### Data fields
- `instances`: list of evaluated instances.
- `prompt_id`: a `string` feature specifying the LLM, prompt, and task type.
- `description`: a `string` feature.
- `prompt_type`: a `string` feature.
- `system_prompts`: a `string` feature listing the generic system prompt.
- `user_prompts`: the list of user prompts, one per instance.
- `requests`: a list of LLM request parameters, one per instance.
- `responses`: the list of raw LLM responses plus metadata, one per instance.

Each `instance` contains the following fields:
- `instance_id`: instance identifier, a `string` feature.
- `input`: the draft / input texts of an FAQ entry, consisting of a reference `url` field (a `string` feature), a `question` (`string` feature) and an `answer` (`string` feature).
- `predictions`: a list of up to 3 predictions (generated rewrites) of the input generated by the LLM. Each prediction consists of an `idx` (`int` feature) field, plus a generated `question` (`string` feature) and `answer` (`string` feature). Each prediction also contains a list of `evaluation` scores (content overlap metrics like `ROUGE`, and GPT4-based evaluations such as `hallucinations`).
- `reference`: the human-written reference FAQ, consisting of a `question` (`string` feature) and `answer` (`string` feature), and a `url` (`string` feature) reference.
- `use_case`: a `string` feature describing the general topic of the FAQ instance.

Note that the reference URLs may have changed, or do not contain the exact same content that we used for this dataset, as they are continuously being updated to reflect new information.

### Prompt structure and templates

The folder [data/prompts](data/prompts) contains an overview of the prompts.


## 📚&nbsp; Citation

If you use the dataset, please cite the following paper:
```
@inproceedings{bleick-etal-2024-german-voter,
    title = "{G}erman Voter Personas Can Radicalize {LLM} Chatbots via the Echo Chamber Effect",
    author = {Bleick, Maximilian  and
      Feldhus, Nils  and
      Burchardt, Aljoscha  and
      M{\"o}ller, Sebastian},
    editor = "Mahamood, Saad  and
      Minh, Nguyen Le  and
      Ippolito, Daphne",
    booktitle = "Proceedings of the 17th International Natural Language Generation Conference",
    month = sep,
    year = "2024",
    address = "Tokyo, Japan",
    publisher = "Association for Computational Linguistics",
    url = "https://aclanthology.org/2024.inlg-main.13",
    pages = "153--164",
    abstract = {We investigate the impact of LLMs on political discourse with a particular focus on the influence of generated personas on model responses. We find an echo chamber effect from LLM chatbots when provided with German-language biographical information of politicians and voters in German politics, leading to sycophantic responses and the reinforcement of existing political biases. Findings reveal that personas of certain political party, such as those of the {`}Alternative f{\"u}r Deutschland{'} party, exert a stronger influence on LLMs, potentially amplifying extremist views. Unlike prior studies, we cannot corroborate a tendency for larger models to exert stronger sycophantic behaviour. We propose that further development should aim at reducing sycophantic behaviour in LLMs across all sizes and diversifying language capabilities in LLMs to enhance inclusivity.},
}
```

## 📘&nbsp; License
The data is released under the terms of the [CC-BY-SA-4.0](LICENCE.txt).



